README.md, before:


# Dark Mode for Canvas
This extension adds a dark mode for canvas.

## Installation
This extension is available on the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/canvas-dark-mode/jbfgmfpakhabhhpefblmehnadjjkadna?utm_source=chrome-ntp-icon).

## Screenshots
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/master/screenshots/screenshot1.PNG">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/master/screenshots/screenshot2.PNG">
</p>

## Contributing
If you would like to fix/change any of the styles, your expertise is welcome!  This is an open source project and I hope that users will tweak the extension as they see fit.

### How to locally develop
1. [Fork](https://github.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/fork) and clone the project
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
3. Open `chrome://extensions/` on your browser
4. Click `Load Unpacked`
5. Make your changes, verify they work.
6. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request](https://github.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/compare)
7. Wait for your code to be reviewed.

I will be pushing the updated version to the Chrome Store often.

## Additional Resources

* [Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
* [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)
* [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)

Commit message:

added more schools, edited readme, edited popup

README.md, after:


# Dark Mode for Canvas
This extension adds a dark mode for canvas.

## Installation
This extension is available on the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/canvas-dark-mode/jbfgmfpakhabhhpefblmehnadjjkadna?utm_source=chrome-ntp-icon).

## Screenshots
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/master/screenshots/screenshot1.PNG">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/master/screenshots/screenshot2.PNG">
</p>

## Contributing
If you would like to fix/change any of the styles, your expertise is welcome!  This is an open source project and I hope that users will tweak the extension as they see fit.

### How to locally develop
1. [Fork](https://github.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/fork) and clone the project
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
3. Open `chrome://extensions/` on your browser
4. Click `Load Unpacked`
5. Make your changes, verify they work. (remember, other schools use this, not just yours!)
6. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request](https://github.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/compare)
7. Wait for your code to be reviewed.

I will be pushing the updated version to the Chrome Store often.

## Donations
Donations are appreciated but not necessary.  Thank you, if you choose to do so.  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DeGrandis/canvas-dark-mode/master/screenshots/Bitcoin_QR_Code.PNG">
</p>

## Additional Resources

* [Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
* [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)
* [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)
